Ryan welcome to Toronto boy it must be a
role in for you the the past week or so
yeah Rudy has been but I'm actually so
excited I'm you know just really looking
forward to it going to get going I you
know talk about obviously your situation
a little bit because it's it's something
that I don't think anybody has ever seen
a major league soccer before where the
first game of the season could kick off
in Vancouver on march a second and the
head coach may not be there so just talk
about the challenges that you are going
to be presented to you over the next
couple of months yeah I mean obviously
it's not ideal but I'm I don't want to
see everything we prepared I mean
preseason very prepared every single
training session everything from from
day one till till until the time I come
in will be prettier and I have a hundred
percent Nathan in coaching staff and fan
O'Leary and there nothing will be
nothing done without me know and and and
yeah again it's not ideal but will but
we'll be talking with QPR and and
hopefully in there in the next few weeks
you know something will get resolved
Adrian Syria or a counterpart a former
defender is as well and knows all about
injuries and being able to call it up in
an end of her career and you're moving
on to a new one is it that easy of a
decision at this point where you you
know how much your body can take as far
as remaining with QPR for the end of
this season but then going into the next
leg is chapter of your life yet I mean
everybody keeps asking me that you know
it's gonna be hard and no I'm you know
I'm I understand Brian a side i'm
looking forward to progressing islets
you just know you just know when um and
I mean when I started talking with
giving them you know he kind of knew in
my mind that you know it was happened it
happened already and my sponge even now
you know even for the past couple years
I've been I've been thinking like a plan
and and so as again I feel loyal and I
have obligations to them and loyalty to
keep yeah it's just a horrible situation
and I don't want to leave them
you know in this situation there but I'm
when we do super 8 i'm obviously it will
be on every excited you played
collegiate soccer in the United States
of America you played it how much is
your hella time a DC United is well
going to just help acclimatize you to
being a head coach Major League Soccer
is a different beast and you would know
that by playing around in England and in
Europe and in US Australia as well and
being a member of the national team for
New Zealand how much is that going to
help you when you know coming back and
trying to rebuild this team because
european-based players have come over
here at times and tried to be head
coaches it hasn't worked out for them
because they just didn't know the league
yeah well it does help I mean you know
obviously playing in college and and the
success of college players in the
analysis is very high and college
coaches obviously as well that's why no
fun will be very successful my time at
DC you know I know what I know the
travel I know that he's being there have
done that yes I understand I understand
what's involved to be successful in in
the MLS Cup above that I've you know
I've played in Europe and played in
England and learned from a few pretty
good managers as well so I'm like to
think I've have got pretty good
experience all around 100 globin and all
kind of covering all aspects of kind of
football and soccer so I'm just as I
said just really looking forward to the
opportunity yeah I know everybody right
away is going to be asking you you know
the goal as far as you know that the
fans of course want to see a playoffs
for the first time in this club's
history but obviously it is a big
challenge isn't it with the the turnover
that's going to happen with this team
the amount of signings are going to have
to happen and I guess your
responsibility to be able to get these
players to gel get them on the same page
as far as philosophy and tactically the
way that you would like to see them play
yeah I mean obviously here Singh team of
with five wins is is it is one of those
there's some you know that's life but
the infrastructure the and the
management here you know Passion of the
fans everything's in place and the
players are going to understand this is
a this is a club that deserved to be
winning and this there's nothing else
that's that should be accepted and so on
we'll be creating our be I'll be
creating an environment that that when
the players turn up they river they're
16 or nor 36 they have to want to get
better they want to learn and and
they'll get bit individually and they'll
get better as a team and what what I
hopefully can do can be may feel when
the fans come out they'll be watching a
team that they can be proud of and and
don't know that that they won't die and
they won't fall down and and they'll be
competing for for everything Ryan thank
you very much for your time
congratulations on are being hired as
the latest head coach and and good luck
this season not only with Toronto FC but
is the the end of the season progresses
the QPR and hopefully they can they can
get out of that relegation zone and be
safe for next year in the Premier League
thank you very much and welcome to
Toronto I appreciate it thanks very much